Cormrighted taterial
o tostor

commer

Ana Pivtova's drawing mom was gradually ling, Th highest Peerstury s
was asenbed theres peopl difering widely tn ane and character but alike in the soca
«irl to whch they belonged. Prince Vasto dangitr, the beau Helie, came to ake
her father o th entertainment she wore a bul drs and her ade as maid
f hana, The youtiat rte Princas Bolkinakaya, known at erie t plus stviante
de Ptersbre, * wa also ther, She bad been married during the previous winter, and
being prcgnant did not goto any large gatherings, bat ony to snallrecepions. Prince
Vasil on Hippolyte, had come with Mortemart, whar h introduced. The Abbé Mori
and man others had abo cone

° The mos fscinting women in Pndurg

"o each new arrival Anna Pivtorna sid, "You have not yet seen my aunt," oe "Vou
donot know m aunt?" and very gravely conduct him o her o ft old ns, werring
lar bows orion in her ea who had come singin rom another room as soon a the
sets began to artic: and slowly turning her eves from the visto to her nt, Anta
Pistoia mentioned each one's ame andthen et then.

Each visto performed the ceremony of gesting th old mont whom not one of hem
knew, not. on o them wanted o kao: and not one of them cared about Anna Pivtovia
abner the nretings with mournful and stem iterat and stent approval. The aunt
spake t ach of them inthe ame word, abou thse health and he oun, and he heath
of Hier Majats "whe, thank Gad, was beter tas," And each visto, though polteres
perverted his showing impatiens, l the old woman with a nose of relic at having
performed a vetatiow duty and id ot return t hr the whle evening.

"The young Princes Bolkintaya had brought some work in  gtdmbrvidered velvet
bas. Her prety tte upper li on which a diate dark down wa unt percept, was
ooshorfr her eth bt it Hilt aH the mor sneth, and was especialy charming when
she cciionll drew it down to meet the lower n. Asis alvays th case wth a thoroughly
attractive woman, her dfet=-th shortness o her upper l and her mouth-
semed to be her.own special and pecular frm of beaut; Everjone brigtenet at the
wish oth prety young woman, so soon to become a mother, so flo it and het
and carrying her banden so lights, O18 men and dll daniited young ons who locked at
her, after bing in he company and talking to her a ltt while, Fas if they too were
becoming. ike hr full lit and helt Al who ale to her, and at each word saw her
Wright smile and the costant eam o er whit tect thought hat they were in aspecily
amiable mood that ay.

"Th ltte princes went round th able with quik, short, swaying teps hr worktag
on her nem and gaily spreading out he dros at down on a so earth iber sumo a,
asif lt she was ding wa a leasre to hevlf and to all around he, "I have brought my
work," aid shin French dplaying her bag and addrcsing ll preso, "Mind, Annet,
o hav not plaela wiced tick on m," she added turing t er hstos, "You
wrote thatit was tobe quite a small recpton and ux se how badly I am And
she spread out her arms to show her short waite ncetrinmed. dainty gray drew,
witha broad ribbon ust blow th breast

Ses manque, Lise, you wll always be pretir than anyon ce" repl Anna
Pistons:

"ou know," aid th rincs in th ame tone af ice and illi French, tw
a genera. "my husband i dvrting me? He is going t wt Kild. Tl me what
thiwretthed wa is for?" h ddd, addrening Princ Vast and without waiting fran
answer she tared o speak to i lange, th beaut! HGR

    

   

 

 

 

   

 

 

 

 

 

   

 

   

 

 

  

   

  

 

 
 
 

Cormrighted taterial

